Add @now/node helpers documentation (#899)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/node-js-now-node.mdx

/>
<Caption>The lambda using the <InlineCode>name</InlineCode> query parameter to change the text using Node.js.</Caption>

## Request and Response Objects

For each invocation of a Node.js lambda, two objects, request and response, are passed to the function.
These objects are the standard HTTP [request](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_event_request) and [response](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_serverresponse) objects given and used by Node.js.

### Helpers

> In addition to the standard Node.js [request](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_event_request) and [response](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_serverresponse) methods, we're providing a set of helpers properties and methods to make it even easier for you to build a new lambda function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the standard Node.js [request](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_event_request) and [response](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_serverresponse) methods, we provide a set of helper properties and methods to make it even easier for you to build a new lambda function:
```

| `res.send(body)`   | A function to set the content of the response where `body` can be a `string`, an `object` or a `Buffer`.                                                                                       | response |
| `res.json(obj)`    | A function to send a JSON response where `obj` is the JSON object to send.                                                                                                                     | response |

The following lambda example showcases the use of `req.query`, `req.cookies` and `req.body` helpers:

```js
module.exports = (req, res) => {
  let who = 'anonymous'

  if (req.body && req.body.who) {
    who = req.body.who
  } else if (req.query.who) {
    who = req.query.who
  } else if (req.cookies.who) {
    who = req.cookies.who
  }

  res.status(200).send(`hi ${who}, what's up?`)
}
```

<Caption>
  Example Node.js lambda using the <InlineCode>req.query</InlineCode>,{' '}
  <InlineCode>req.cookies</InlineCode> and <InlineCode>req.body</InlineCode>{' '}
  helpers. It returns greetings for the user specified using{' '}
  <InlineCode>req.send()</InlineCode>.
</Caption>

<Note>

>   You can opt-out of this behaviour by setting <InlineCode>helpers</InlineCode>{' '}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can opt-out of this behavior by setting <InlineCode>helpers</InlineCode>{' '}
```

  to <InlineCode>false</InlineCode> in the configuration of the builder. If you
  opt-out, request objects will be replaced by the standard HTTP{' '}
  <GenericLink href="https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_event_request">
    request
  </GenericLink>{' '}
  and{' '}
  <GenericLink href="https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_class_http_serverresponse">
    response
  </GenericLink>
  .
</Note>

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a snippet showing how to do this?

Reviewer: (opting out of helpers)

### `req.body`

We populate the `req.body` property on the request object with a parsed version of the content sent with the request when it is possible.

We follow a set of rules on the `Content-type` header sent by the request to do so:

> | `Content-Type` header               | Value of `req.body`                                                                    |

Reviewer: Can you take a look at the formatting of the header here? It looks like spaces are missing.

Author: i'll attempt to fix that in a separate PR, so we can revert if it breaks something 👍

| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| No header                           | `undefined`                                                                            |

> | `application/json`                  | An object representing the parsed JSON sent by the request                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `application/json`                  | An object representing the parsed JSON sent by the request.                             |
```

> | `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` | An object representing the parsed data sent by with the request                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` | An object representing the parsed data sent by with the request.                        |
```

> | `text/plain`                        | A string containing the text sent by the request                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `text/plain`                        | A string containing the text sent by the request.                                       |
```

> | `application/octet-stream`          | A [Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html) containing the data sent by the request |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `application/octet-stream`          | A [Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html) containing the data sent by the request. |
```

> With the `req.body` helper, you can build applications without extra dependencies or having to [parse the content of the request manually](https://nodejs.org/ja/docs/guides/anatomy-of-an-http-transaction/#request-body). The following example reads `req.body` when it is string, it expects `ping` and returns `pong`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `req.body` helper, you can build applications without extra dependencies or having to [parse the content of the request manually](https://nodejs.org/ja/docs/guides/anatomy-of-an-http-transaction/#request-body). The following example inspects the `req.body`, if it has a type of `string` and the content of 'ping', it will return 'pong'.
```

Author: Maybe we can simplify:
```suggestion
With the `req.body` helper, you can build applications without extra dependencies or having to [parse the content of the request manually](https://nodejs.org/ja/docs/guides/anatomy-of-an-http-transaction/#request-body). The following example inspects `req.body`, if it is 'ping', it will return 'pong'.
```

Reviewer: Agreed, good idea, I prefer.

```js
module.exports = (req, res) => {
  if (typeof req.body !== 'string') {
    return res.status(400).text('Invalid request')
  }

  if (req.body !== 'ping') {
    return res.status(400).text('The value expected is `ping`')
  }

  res.status(200).send('pong')
}
```

<Caption>

>   Example Node.js lambda using the <InlineCode>req.body</InlineCode> helper that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An example Node.js lambda using the <InlineCode>req.body</InlineCode> helper that
```

  returns <InlineCode>pong</InlineCode> when you send{' '}

>   <InlineCode>ping</InlineCode>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <InlineCode>ping</InlineCode>.
```

</Caption>

### Typescript support

We provide types for the request and response objects.

> To install them, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install these types, use the following command:
```

```
yarn add @now/node --dev
```

> Or if you're using `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, if you're using `npm`:
```

```
npm install @now/node --save-dev
```

> Then, import `NowRequest` and `NowResponse` from `@now/node` to type the request and response objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the types have been installed, import `NowRequest` and `NowResponse` from `@now/node`, to type the request and response objects:
```

```ts
import { NowRequest, NowResponse } from '@now/node'

export default function(req: NowRequest, res: NowResponse) {
  const { name = 'World' } = req.query
  res.send(`Hello ${name}!`)
}
```

<Caption>

>   Example "Hello World" Typescript lambda using the{' '}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An example "Hello World" Typescript lambda using the{' '}
```

>   <InlineCode>req.query</InlineCode> helper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <InlineCode>req.query</InlineCode> helper.
```

</Caption>

## Deploying with Static Content

> You can upload static content along side your Node.js application by using [the `@now/static` builder](/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-now-static).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upload static content alongside your Node.js application by using [the `@now/static` Builder](/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-now-static).
```

> For example, if you have a `static` directory and an `index.js` like the one from the example above, you can serve that directory statically by extending your `now.json` configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have a `/static` directory and an `index.js` like the one from the example above, you can serve that directory statically by extending your `now.json` configuration:
```

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [
    { "src": "api/hello/index.js", "use": "@now/node" },
    { "src": "static/**", "use": "@now/static" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  Deploying a serverless Node.js function along with static files.
</Caption>

> For more information, read the documentation for `@now/static`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on including static files in your project, read the documentation for `@now/static`:
```

<Card
  title="Now Static Builder"
  href="/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-now-static"
>
  Deploy static files along with lambdas.
</Card>

## Technical Details

### Entrypoint

> The entrypoint of this Builder is always a JavaScript file that exposes a function. If you want to expose a server, look into `@now/node-server`, although that is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entrypoint of this Builder is always a JavaScript file that exposes a function. If you want to expose a server, you should read the [documentation for the `@now/node-server` Builder](/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/node-js-server-now-node-server/), although this is not recommended.
```
